latest data for dean's list (#31)
OpenSource-IITGn/metaiitgn: docs/academics_dean's_list.md

# Dean's List

The Dean's List recognizes those students who achieve a certain level of academic excellence in an academic term. Such a student receives a personalized letter of appreciation from the Dean (Academic), to honour and recognize their excellent academic performance.

## Eligibility criteria

### The senate approved the creation of an Academic Citation List in addition to the existing Dean's List for BTech students. The approved criteria for Dean’s List and Academic Citation is as follows.

* The selection of students for the Dean's List and Academic Citation shall be based on one's relative performance among the students from the same discipline while also meeting some minimum eligibility criteria outlined later.

> * Tech students (including all variants such as BTech-MTech, BTech-MSc, BTech dual major etc) in their 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th semesters for a batch will be considered for Dean's List and Academic Citation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* B.Tech students (including all variants such as B.Tech-M.Tech, B.Tech-MSc, B.Tech dual major etc) in their 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th semesters for a batch will be considered for Dean's List and Academic Citation.
```
